Fix statement about lego _FILE env var (#6964)
containous/traefik: docs/content/https/acme.md

along with the required environment variables and their [wildcard & root domain support](#wildcard-domains).
Do not hesitate to complete it.

> Many lego environment variables can be overridden by their respective `_FILE` counterpart, which should have a filepath to a file that contains the secret as its value. For more details, refer to the _Additional configuration_ documentation linked for your provider.
> For example, `CF_API_EMAIL_FILE=/run/secrets/traefik_cf-api-email` could be used to provide a Cloudflare API email address as a Docker secret named `traefik_cf-api-email`.

Author: Oof. In [the test deploy](https://deploy-preview-6964--traefik-doc.netlify.app/https/acme/) I see these lines run together into one paragraph. The sentence I added makes it look pretty long. I think there should be a break between them. Is OK to rearrange like so?:

```suggestion
Many lego environment variables can be overridden by their respective `_FILE` counterpart, which should have a filepath to a file that contains the secret as its value.
For example, `CF_API_EMAIL_FILE=/run/secrets/traefik_cf-api-email` could be used to provide a Cloudflare API email address as a Docker secret named `traefik_cf-api-email`.

For complete details, refer to your provider's _Additional configuration_ link.
```
